{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Yehudit;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Lakhish-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green41\blue57;\red221\green8\blue6;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c16078\c22353;\csgenericrgb\c86667\c3137\c2353;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23020\viewh11580\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Important Notes for the Sectarian Qumran Corpus (QUMRAN)
\b0\fs24  \

\fs20 \
November, 2017\
\
\

\b\fs28 Introduction
\b0\fs24 \
\
This Accordance module (QUMRAN) had its beginnings in an unpublished paper entitled, \'93A Time for Tagging? (For Everything There is a Season)\'94 presented by Martin G. Abegg, Jr. and Roy B. Brown at the AAR/SBL meeting in Chicago, Nov. 1994.  From a modest beginning of 10 manuscripts comprising something over 10% of the Hebrew corpus, this module currently contains 692 Hebrew and Aramaic manuscripts, representing nearly the entire non-biblical contents of the eleven Qumran caves. The only manuscripts known to be outstanding are:\
\
1Q59-61, 4Q313c, 4Q360b, 4Q362; 4Q363, 4Q363a, 4Q363b, 5Q13 f22-26; 5Q21, 6Q25, and 11Q24.\
\
Except in the last instance, these manuscripts have been published in the photographic plates of DJD but have not been transcribed.\
\

\fs20 \

\b\fs28 Updates and Corrections
\b0\fs24 \
\
The QUMRAN data base has benefited from two recent projects which have facilitated global checks: 
\i The Dead Sea Scrolls Concordance I: The Non-Biblical Texts from Qumran
\i0  (E. J. Brill: Leiden, 2003) and a major revision of 
\i The Dead Sea Scrolls Electronic Reference Library 2
\i0  (Brill: Leiden, 2015).\
\
Nevertheless, it is still a work in progress and we will continue to correct errors and make updates available yearly. Please alert Martin Abegg to any errors that you might find in the current module, so that they might be corrected for future revisions. Please email at mgabegg@gmailcom or \'93Report a Correction\'94 under the Help menu in Accordance.\
\
\
\

\b\fs28 Explanation
\b0\fs24 \
\
A few brief explanatory comments will aid in the use of this module.\
\
1. The text of the scrolls has been tagged using the Michigan-Westminster grammatical tagging scheme, which is also used by the Accordance BHS-W4 (Hebrew Bible) text module. (See the document list below for transcription history.)\
\
2. Given the fragmentary nature of most of the Qumran corpus, we have decided to offer viable reconstructions whenever possible. This factor will cause problems for those users who are interested in using the powerful analysis tools that Accordance affords as the data will include the reconstructions. On the other hand, those users who are interested in reading for meaning will find the reconstructions helpful. At this point we have not attempted to grade these reconstructions by their certainty, thus they should all be used with care. The \'93Ignore Words Inside of Brackets\'94 function allows users to ignore reconstructions in any search.\
\
3. Whenever possible the lexical forms incorporated in the analysis of the current BHS-W4 text module have also been used in the QUMRAN module. This will enable searches to be conducted using both modules concurrently. There are approximately 600 Hebrew and 1800 Aramaic words in the Qumran corpus which are not used in the Hebrew Bible, and therefore will not be found in BDB, Jenni-Westermann, NIDOTTE, HALOT, or other Hebrew Bible Lexicons. These words, however, will display a short English gloss in Instant Details Box, Parsing window, and the Analysis window, if the option to show English glosses is used.\
\
Hebrew lemmas in Qumran which have the same consonants as lemmas in the Hebrew Bible, but have a clearly different meaning, will be distinguished as homographs adding \'93_9\'94 to the lemma form.  Letters of the alphabet and words that are ambiguous in the determination of the editors of the text editions are designated by appending \'93_8_\'94 to the lemma.\
\
4. Given the lack of vocalization, there is much more opportunity for alternate analysis (parsing) in the Qumran corpus than in the Hebrew Bible. Initially an attempt was made to indicate these using the qere/ketib format utilized by the BHS-W4 text module. This proved to be a less than satisfactory solution. As a result, opinions on analysis will occasionally differ.\
\
5. Current referencing schemes have been modified slightly to accommodate Accordance. Scrolls published by column are recorded in a column:line format. Thus \'931QS 4:3\'94 (or \'931QS 4.3\'94) references the manuscript known as 1QS column 4, line 3. The more common fragmentary portions follow the pattern of fragment column: line. Thus \'934Q427 f7ii:14\'94 refers to manuscript 4Q427, fragment (f) 7, column 2, and line 14. Only the fragment number will show variation from this pattern as the characters + and _ are incorporated to show combinations of individual fragments. For example, \'934Q491 f1_3:17\'94 refers to an ensemble of fragments 1, 2, and 3.\
\
6. A few additional characters have been incorporated to represent various characteristics of handwritten manuscripts.\
\
     [] material between single square brackets represent the modern editor's reconstruction.\
\
     
\f1\fs36 \uc0\u8804  \u8805 
\f0\fs24  double square brackets represent a vacat, an area of unwritten skin left by the scribe. These are usually related to sense breaks in the text.\
\
     \{\} single curly brackets represent the modern editors\'92 decision that errant text should be removed.\
\
     \{\{\}\} double curly brackets indicate various types of erasure at the hand of the ancient copyists/editors.\
\
     () parentheses are normally used to indicate alternate reconstructions. A few modern editors used them to indicate damaged skin or especially uncertain letter traces.\
\
     <> single angle brackets offer the modern editors\'92 suggested corrections to missing or errant text\
\
     <<>> double angle brackets indicate an ancient copyist/editor's correction to the text (other than supralinear, see directly below)\
\
     ^ ^ carats indicate supralinear corrections made by ancient copyists/editors.\
\
     
\f1\fs36 \\
\f0\fs24   a single small circle indicates an uncertain letter trace.\
\
    
\f1\fs36 |
\f0\fs24     a circle over a letter indicates a damaged character with an uncertain reading.\
\
   
\f1\fs36 \'ab
\f0\fs24      a small dot over the letter indicates a damaged character with a reading of one of two letters.\
\
    
\f1\fs36 \'b1
\f0\fs24  a larger dot between words represents a word divider found in some documents written in paleoHebrew script.\
\
    + a plus sign is used in the transcription of number symbols to indicate that arabic numbers are to be added together.\
\
    
\f1\fs36 _
\f0\fs24   a maqqeph represents a dash in the manuscript.\
\
    ? a few modern editors used question marks for various doubtful elements in the transcription: uncertain vacats, reconstructions, letter traces, etc.\
\
    !  the exclamation mark is used in the copper scroll as a representation of symbols whose meanings are still unknown.\
\
     - - a double hyphen is used to indicate visually a hole in the manuscript, or in other words, a lack of viable reconstruction. It also serves the purpose of separating non-adjacent words in the data so that they are at least one word apart, and not viewed by the search engine as if they were side by side.\
\
    
\f1\fs36 \uc0\u8804 a\u8805 
\f0\fs24  an aleph between double square brackets indicates a supralinear line in the manuscript.\
\
7. This module uses Hebrew-Aramaic numerals as are found in the Judean Desert manuscripts. They function roughly in the same way as do Roman numerals. There are seven symbols that are used. These numerals can be found by the search strings that follow. Combinations of numerals can be found by searching the Arabic numeral equivalents (e.g. =15, =15_0). All numbers can be found be searching [adjective cardinal].\
\
    
\f2\fs36 \cf2 A
\f0\fs54 \cf3  
\fs24 \cf0 This character stands for 1 and is used in compounds up to 10 : 9 = 
\f2\fs36 \cf2 AAAAAAAAA
\f0\fs24 \cf0 . \
    
\f2\fs36 \cf2 \'e5
\f0\fs54 \cf3  
\fs24 \cf0 This character also stands for 1, often at the end of a number: 9 = 
\f2\fs36 \cf2 \'e5AAAAAAAA
\f0\fs24 \cf0 . These first two characters for \'931\'94 are not distinguishable by current search parameters but  can both be found by searching:\cf2  
\b [adjective cardinal]
\b0 @A.  \cf0 (period, shift-a).
\fs36 \cf2 \

\fs24 \cf0     
\f2\fs36 \cf2 B
\f0\fs54 \cf3  
\fs24 \cf0 This character also stands for 1, often at the end of a number: 9 =  
\f2\fs36 \cf2 BAAAAAAAA
\f0\fs24 \cf0 . It can be found by searching:\cf2  B.  \cf0 (period, shift-b).\
    
\f2\fs36 \cf2 \uc0\u8747 
\f0\fs54 \cf3  
\fs24 \cf0 This character also stands for 1, often at the end of a number: 9 = 
\f2  
\fs36 \cf2 \uc0\u8747 AAAAAAAA
\f0\fs24 \cf0 . It can be found by searching: 
\b \cf2 [adjective cardinal]
\b0 @\uc0\u8747 .  \cf0 (period, option-b).
\fs36 \cf2 \

\fs24 \cf0     
\f2\fs36 \cf2 C
\f0\fs54 \cf3  
\fs24 \cf0 This character stands for 10, often in combination with other numbers: 19 = 
\f2\fs36 \cf2 BAAAAAAAAC
\f0\fs24 \cf0 . It can be found by searching: \cf2 "
\f1\fs36 *C*
\f0\fs24 "-@
\b [adjective cardinal]
\b0 @C.\cf0 \
 (period, shift-c).
\fs36 \cf2 \

\fs24 \cf0     
\f2\fs36 \cf2 D
\f0\fs54 \cf3  
\fs24 \cf0 This character stands for 20, often in combination with other numbers: 29 = 
\f2\fs36 \cf2 BAAAAAAAAD
\f0\fs24 \cf0 . It can be found by searching: D. (period, shift-d).
\fs36 \cf2 \

\fs24 \cf0     
\f2\fs36 \cf2 F
\f0\fs54 \cf3  
\fs24 \cf0 This character stands also stands for 100, often in combination with other numbers: 109 = 
\f2\fs36 \cf2 BAAAAAAAAF
\f0\fs24 \cf0 . It can be found by searching: F. (period, shift-f).\
\
8. Paleo-Hebrew script used to represent the names of God when written such in the manuscripts (e.g. 
\f2\fs36 hwhy
\f0\fs24  at 11Q5 18:3). However, Accordance does not currently allow the user to search for Paleo-Hebrew.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 9. The search \'93field\'94 or \'93context\'94 follows a Biblical analogy.  That is, each Qumran manuscript is like a book, and each column is like a chapter, and each line is like a verse.\
\
Therefore, if the search \'93field\'94 in Accordance is set to \'93Verse\'94, then word relationships in QUMRAN will be found for words in the same manuscript line.  Likewise, if the search \'93field\'94 in Accordance is set to \'93Chapter\'94, then word relationships in QUMRAN will be found for words in the same manuscript column or individual fragments of manuscripts. Therefore, if the search \'93field\'94 in Accordance is set to \'93Book\'94, then word relationships in QUMRAN will be found for words in the same entire manuscript.\
\
10. Sentence breaks have been indicated wherever possible so that searches of more than one line can be executed. These breaks are often approximate and subject to debate.\
\
11. User-defined ranges can be used to search groups of manuscripts, or any combination of individual columns, fragments or lines.\
\
12. In 11QT (the Temple Scroll) numerous reconstructions have been included which represent material which has been lost before the first line in the extant text. These lines are numbered with a 0 following the column number. In the instances where more than one lost line precedes a column, each line will be separated by a number within square brackets beginning with 1. For example, the first line of column 2 of 11QT will appear as 11QT 2:0 [1] ... [2] ... etc.\
\
13. As we have decided to organize the corpus by \'91Q\'92 number rather than language, the following arguments might be pasted into a field definition to aid in searching solely Hebrew or Aramaic.\
\
Qumran Hebrew\
CD-1Q19bis,1Q22,1Q25-2Q23,2Q25,2Q27-3Q11,3Q14-4Q88,4Q158-4Q186,4Q200,4Q215-4Q234,4Q238,4Q247-4Q317,4Q319-4Q341,4Q348,4Q360,4Q364-4Q487,4Q491-4Q528,4Q577-4Q579,5Q9-5Q14,5Q16-5Q25,6Q9-6Q13,6Q15-6Q18,6Q20-6Q22,6Q24,6Q27-6Q30,8Q5-11Q6,11Q11-11Q17,11QT-KhQ3\
\
N.B. Due to the limit on the number of characters allowed in the definition this argument is not perfect and thus includes several small Aramaic texts (442 total words): 1Q32, 1Q63, 1Q64, 1Q65, 1Q66, 1Q67, 1Q68, 3Q14, 4Q339, 4Q364 f5a_bi:1 (one word), 4Q520 f38:2, 5Q24, XQ6\
\
Qumran Aramaic\
1Q20-1Q21,1Q23-1Q24,1Q32,1Q63-1Q68,2Q24,2Q26,3Q12-3Q13,4Q156-4Q157,4Q196-4Q199,4Q201-4Q214b,4Q235,4Q242-4Q246,4Q318,4Q339,4Q342-4Q347,4Q351-4Q359,4Q360a,4Q488-4Q490,4Q529-4Q575,4Q580-4Q582,5Q15,5Q24,6Q8,6Q14,6Q19,6Q23,6Q26,6Q31,11Q10,11Q18,XQ6\
\
N.B. Due to the limit on the number of characters allowed in the definition, this argument is not perfect and thus leaves out 3Q14 f4-f9 (19 words), 4Q364 f5a_bi:1 (1 word), and 4Q520 f38:2 (2 words).\
\
14. The rarer verb conjugations, most of which are associated with the piel of weak verbs (e.g., Pilpel, Polel, Poel) are now distinguished.\
\
15. The perfect consecutive tag is consistently indicated.\
\
16. The wayyiqtol (imperfect consecutive) and other occasions of the short prefix conjugation (indicated by the apocopated tag in Accordance) are only partially recognized.\
\
17. Due to the fragmentary nature of the Qumran texts, the categories now available for the jussive (form, form and meaning) have not proven helpful and are not used.\
\
18. The cohortative is tagged according to form, not function.\
\
\

\b\fs28 Resources
\b0\fs24 \
\
The following list gives the source of the transcriptions included in the QUMRAN text module, including the standard abbreviation used. All manuscripts included have been edited to some degree by Martin G. Abegg, Jr.\
\
Abegg: Abegg, Martin G., Unpublished transcriptions prepared for use in the Concordance of the Non-biblical Texts from Qumran Vol. I (Leiden: E. J. Brill, 2003).\
\
Burrows:  Burrows, M., with J. Trever and W. Brownlee, The Isaiah Manuscript and the Habakkuk Commentary (The Dead Sea Scrolls of St. Marks Monastery 1; New Haven, CT: American Schools of Oriental Research, 1950).\
\
Cook: Cook, Edward M., Unpublished transcriptions prepared for use in the Concordance of the Non-biblical Texts from Qumran Vol. I (Leiden: E. J. Brill, 2003).\
\
DJD: Discoveries in the Judean Desert  (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1955-2011).\
\
E. Eshel and H. Eshel: Eshel, Esther and Hanan Eshel. \'93New Fragments from Qumran: 4QGenf, 4QIsab, 4Q226, 8QGen, and XQpapEncoch,\'94 
\i Dead Sea Discoveries 
\i0  12 (2005): 134-57.\
\
Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez-Morgenstern: Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Florentino and Tigchelaar, Eibert J. C., The Dead Sea Scrolls Study Edition, Volume One 1Q1\'964Q273 (Leiden: E. J. Brill, 1997); Morgenstern, Matthew, Elisha Qimron, Daniel Sivan, \'93The Hitherto Unpublished Columns of the Genesis Apocryphon,\'94 Abr-Nahrain  33 (1995): 30-54.\
\
Kugler and VanderKam: Kugler, R.A. and J.C. VanderKam. \'93A Note on 4Q225 (4Qpseudo-Jubilees),\'94 
\i Revue de Qumran 
\i0  20 (2001): 109-116.\
\
Lohse: Lohse, E. Die Texte aus Qumran  (M\'fcnchen: K\'f6sel-Verlag, 1964).\
\
Milik: Milik, J. T. with the collaboration of Matthew Black, The Books of Enoch: Aramaic Fragments of Qumr\'e2n Cave 4 (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1976).\
\
Qimron: Qimron, E., The Text of CDC in Broshi, ed., The Damascus Document Reconsidered (Jerusalem 1992).\
\
Sukenik: Sukenik, E. The Dead Sea Scrolls of the Hebrew University (Jerusalem: Hebrew University and Magnes Press, 1955).\
\
Tigchelaar: Tigchelaar, Eibert, \'93Catalogue of Spirits, Liturgical Manuscript with Angelological Content, Incantation? Reflections on the Character of a Fragment from Qumran (4Q230 1). With Appendix: Edition of the Fragments  of IAA #114,\'94 in M. Labahn, B.J. L.Peerbolte (eds.), A Kind of Magic. Understanding Magic in the New Testament, Its Ancient Environment and Its Later Impact (European Studies in Christian Origins; London, New York: T&T Clark, forthcoming 2006)\
\
Yadin: Yadin, Y. The Temple Scroll (3 vols. and supplementary plates; Jerusalem: Israel Exploration Society, 1983).\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Abegg: Abegg, Martin G., Unpublished transcriptions prepared for use in the Concordance of the Non-biblical Texts from Qumran Vol. I (Leiden: E. J. Brill, 2003).\
\
Burrows:  Burrows, M., with J. Trever and W. Brownlee, The Isaiah Manuscript and the Habakkuk Commentary (The Dead Sea Scrolls of St. Marks Monastery 1; New Haven, CT: American Schools of Oriental Research, 1950).\
\
Cook: Cook, Edward M., Unpublished transcriptions prepared for use in the Concordance of the Non-biblical Texts from Qumran Vol. I (Leiden: E. J. Brill, 2003).\
\
DJD: Discoveries in the Judean Desert  (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1955-).\
\
E. Eshel and H. Eshel: Eshel, Esther and Hanan Eshel. \'93New Fragments from Qumran: 4QGenf, 4QIsab, 4Q226, 8QGen, and XQpapEncoch,\'94 Dead Sea Discoveries  12 (2005): 134-57.\
\
Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez-Morgenstern: Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Florentino and Tigchelaar, Eibert J. C., The Dead Sea Scrolls Study Edition, Volume One 1Q1\'964Q273 (Leiden: E. J. Brill, 1997); Morgenstern, Matthew, Elisha Qimron, Daniel Sivan, \'93The Hitherto Unpublished Columns of the Genesis Apocryphon,\'94 Abr-Nahrain  33 (1995): 30-54.\
\
Kugler and VanderKam: Kugler, R.A. and J.C. VanderKam. \'93A Note on 4Q225 (4Qpseudo-Jubilees),\'94 Revue de Qumran  20 (2001): 109-116.\
\
Lohse: Lohse, E. Die Texte aus Qumran  (M\'fcnchen: K\'f6sel-Verlag, 1964).\
\
Milik: Milik, J. T. with the collaboration of Matthew Black, The Books of Enoch: Aramaic Fragments of Qumr\'e2n Cave 4 (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1976).\
\
Qimron: Qimron, E., The Text of CDC in Broshi, ed., The Damascus Document Reconsidered (Jerusalem 1992).\
\
Sukenik: Sukenik, E. The Dead Sea Scrolls of the Hebrew University (Jerusalem: Hebrew University and Magnes Press, 1955).\
\
Tigchelaar: Tigchelaar, Eibert, \'93Catalogue of Spirits, Liturgical Manuscript with Angelological Content, Incantation? Reflections on the Character of a Fragment from Qumran (4Q230 1). With Appendix: Edition of the Fragments  of IAA #114,\'94 in M. Labahn, B.J. L.Peerbolte (eds.), A Kind of Magic. Understanding Magic in the New Testament, Its Ancient Environment and Its Later Impact (European Studies in Christian Origins; London, New York: T&T Clark, forthcoming 2006)\
\
Yadin: Yadin, Y. The Temple Scroll (3 vols. and supplementary plates; Jerusalem: Israel Exploration Society, 1983).\
\
\pard\tx1418\tx6504\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 CD	Lohse	corrected with the plates and Qimron.\
1QS	Lohse	corrected with the plates\
1QSa	Milik	DJD I\
1QSb	Milik	DJD I\
1QpHab	Lohse	corrected with the plates and Brownlee\
1QM	Lohse	corrected with the plates and Sukenik\
1QHa	Stegemann, Schuller	DJD XL\
1Q14	Milik	DJD I\
1Q15	Milik	DJD I\
1Q16	Milik	DJD I\
1Q17	Milik	DJD I\
1Q18	Milik	DJD I\
1Q19	Milik	DJD I\
1Q19bis	Milik	DJD I\
1Q20	Milik, Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez-Morgenstern	DJD I\
1Q21	Milik	DJD I\
1Q22	Milik	DJD I\
1Q23	Milik	DJD I\
1Q24	Milik	DJD I\
1Q25	Milik	DJD I\
1Q26	Strugnell, Harrington	DJD XXXIV\
1Q27	Milik	DJD I\
1Q29	Milik	DJD I\
1Q30	Milik	DJD I\
1Q31	Milik	DJD I\
1Q32	Milik	DJD I\
1Q34bis	Milik	DJD I\
1Q35	Milik	DJD I\
1Q36	Milik	DJD I\
1Q37	Milik	DJD I\
1Q38	Milik	DJD I\
1Q39	Milik	DJD I\
1Q40	Milik	DJD I\
1Q41	Milik	DJD I\
1Q42	Milik	DJD I\
1Q43	Milik	DJD I\
1Q44	Milik	DJD I\
1Q45	Milik	DJD I\
1Q46	Milik	DJD I\
1Q47	Milik	DJD I\
1Q49	Milik	DJD I\
1Q50	Milik	DJD I\
1Q51	Milik	DJD I\
1Q52	Milik	DJD I\
1Q53	Milik	DJD I\
1Q54	Milik	DJD I\
1Q55	Milik	DJD I\
1Q56	Milik	DJD I\
1Q57	Milik	DJD I\
1Q58	Milik	DJD I\
1Q62	Milik	DJD I\
1Q63	Milik	DJD I\
1Q64	Milik	DJD I\
1Q65	Milik	DJD I\
1Q66	Milik	DJD I\
1Q67	Milik	DJD I\
1Q68	Milik	DJD I\
1Q69	Milik	DJD I\
1Q70	Milik	DJD I\
1Q70bis	Milik	DJD I\
2Q18	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q19	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q20	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q21	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q22	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q23	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q24	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q25	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q26	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q27	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q28	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q29	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q30	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q31	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q32	Bailet	DJD III\
2Q33	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q4	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q5	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q6	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q7	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q8	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q9	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q10	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q11	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q12	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q13	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q14	Bailet	DJD III\
3Q15	Milik	DJD III\
4Q88	Fitzmyer	DJD XVI\
4Q123	Skehan, Ulrich, Sanderson	DJD IX\
4Q124	Skehan, Ulrich, Sanderson	DJD IX\
4Q125	Skehan, Ulrich, Sanderson	DJD IX\
4Q156	Milik	DJD VI\
4Q157	Milik	DJD VI\
4Q158	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q159	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q160	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q161	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q162	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q163	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q164	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q165	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q166	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q167	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q168	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q169	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q170	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q171	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q172	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q173	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q174	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q175	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q176	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q176a	Kister	RevQ 12, 529-36\
4Q177	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q178	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q179	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q180	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q181	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q182	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q183	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q184	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q185	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q186	Allegro	DJD V\
4Q196	Fitzmyer	DJD XIX\
4Q197	Fitzmyer	DJD XIX\
4Q198	Fitzmyer	DJD XIX\
4Q199	Fitzmyer	DJD XIX\
4Q200	Fitzmyer	DJD XIX\
4Q201	Milik, Stuckenbruck	DJD XXXVI \
4Q202	Milik	Books of Enoch, 164-78, 344-46\
4Q203	Milik, Stuckenbruck, Puech	Books of Enoch, 310-17; DJD XXXI, XXXVI, XXXVII\
4Q204	Milik, Puech	Books of Enoch, 178-217; DJD XXXVII\
4Q205	Milik	Books of Enoch, 217-25, 353-55\
4Q206	Milik, Stuckenbruck, Puech	Books of Enoch, 225-44, 355-59; DJD XXXVI, XXXVII\
4Q207	Milik	Books of Enoch, 244-45, 359\
4Q208	Tigchelaar, Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez	DJD XXXVI\
4Q209	Milik, Tigchelaar, Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez	Books of Enoch, 278-84, 288-96; DJD XXXVI\
4Q210	Milik 	Books of Enoch, 284-88\
4Q211	Milik 	Books of Enoch, 296-97\
4Q212	Milik 	Books of Enoch, 245\'9672, 360\'9662\
4Q213	Stone, Greenfield	DJD XXII\
4Q213a	Stone, Greenfield	DJD XXII\
4Q213b	Stone, Greenfield	DJD XXII\
4Q214	Stone, Greenfield	DJD XXII\
4Q214a	Stone, Greenfield	DJD XXII\
4Q214b	Stone, Greenfield	DJD XXII\
4Q215	Stone	DJD XXII\
4Q215a	Stone, Chazon	DJD XXXVI\
4Q216	VanderKam, Milik	DJD XIII\
4Q217	VanderKam, Milik	DJD XIII\
4Q218	VanderKam, Milik	DJD XIII\
4Q219	VanderKam, Milik	DJD XIII\
4Q220	VanderKam, Milik	DJD XIII\
4Q221	VanderKam, Milik	DJD XIII\
4Q222	VanderKam, Milik	DJD XIII\
4Q223_224	VanderKam, Milik	DJD XIII\
4Q225	VanderKam, Milik, Kugler	DJD XIII\
4Q226	VanderKam, Milik, E. Eshel and H. Eshel	DJD XIII\
4Q227	VanderKam, Milik	DJD XIII\
4Q228	VanderKam, Milik	DJD XIII\
4Q230	Tigchelaar	RQ 21, 529-38 (2004)\
4Q234	Yardeni	DJD XXXVI\
4Q235	Yardeni	DJD XXXVI\
4Q238	Ulrich, Flint	DJD XXVIII\
4Q242	Collins	DJD XXII\
4Q243	Collins, Flint	DJD XXII\
4Q244	Collins, Flint	DJD XXII\
4Q245	Collins, Flint	DJD XXII\
4Q246	Puech	DJD XXII\
4Q247	Broshi	DJD XXXVI\
4Q248	Eshel, Broshi	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249	Pfann	DJD XXXV\
4Q249a	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249b	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249c	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249d	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249e	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249f	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249g	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249h	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249i	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249j	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249k	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249l	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249m	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249n	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249o	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249p	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249q	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249r	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249s	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249t	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249u	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249v	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249w	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249x	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249y	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q249z	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q250	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q250a	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q250b	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q250c	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q250d	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q250e	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q250f	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q250g	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q250h	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q250i	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q250j	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q251	Larson, Lehmann, Schiffman	DJD XXXV\
4Q252	Brooke	DJD XXII\
4Q253	Brooke	DJD XXII\
4Q253a	Brooke	DJD XXII\
4Q254	Brooke	DJD XXII\
4Q254a	Brooke	DJD XXII\
4Q255	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q256	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q257	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q258	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q259	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q260	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q261	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q262	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q263	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q264	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q264a	Baumgarten	DJD XXXV\
4Q265 	Baumgarten	DJD XXXV\
4Q266	Baumgarten	DJD XVIII\
4Q267	Baumgarten	DJD XVIII\
4Q268	Baumgarten	DJD XVIII\
4Q269	Baumgarten, Stegemann	DJD XVIII, DJD XXXVI\
4Q270	Baumgarten	DJD XVIII\
4Q271	Baumgarten	DJD XVIII\
4Q272	Baumgarten	DJD XVIII\
4Q273	Baumgarten	DJD XVIII\
4Q274	Baumgarten	DJD XXXV\
4Q275	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q276	Baumgarten	DJD XXXV\
4Q277	Baumgarten	DJD XXXV\
4Q278	Baumgarten	DJD XXXV\
4Q279	Alexander, Vermes	DJD XXVI\
4Q280	Nitzan	DJD XXIX\
4Q281a	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q281b	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q281c	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q281d	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q281e	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q281f	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282a	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282b	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282c	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282d	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282e	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282f	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282g	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282h	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282i	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282j	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282k	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282l	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282m	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282n	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282o	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282p	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282q	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282r	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282s	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q282t	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q284	Baumgarten	DJD XXXV\
4Q284a	Baumgarten	DJD XXXV\
4Q285	Vermes, Alexander	DJD XXXVI\
4Q286	Nitzan	DJD XI\
4Q287	Nitzan	DJD XI\
4Q288	Nitzan	DJD XI\
4Q289	Nitzan	DJD XI\
4Q290	Nitzan	DJD XI\
4Q291	Nitzan	DJD XXIX\
4Q292	Nitzan	DJD XXIX\
4Q293	Nitzan	DJD XXIX\
4Q294	Tigchelaar	DJD XXXVI\
4Q298	Pfann, Kister	DJD XX\
4Q299	Schiffman	DJD XX\
4Q300	Schiffman	DJD XX\
4Q301	Schiffman	DJD XX\
4Q302	Nitzan	DJD XX\
4Q303	Lim	DJD XX\
4Q304	Lim	DJD XX\
4Q305	Lim	DJD XX\
4Q306	Lim	DJD XX\
4Q307	Lim	DJD XX\
4Q313	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q313a	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q313b	Pfann	DJD XXXVI\
4Q317	Abegg	\
4Q318	Sokoloff, Greenfield	DJD XXXVI\
4Q319	Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q320	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q321	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q321a	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q322	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q322a	Tigchelaar	DJD XXVIII\
4Q323	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q324	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q324a	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q324b	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q324c	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q324d	Abegg	\
4Q324e	Abegg	\
4Q324f	Abegg	\
4Q324g	Abegg	\
4Q324h	Abegg	\
4Q324i	Abegg	\
4Q325	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q326	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q328	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q329	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q329a	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q330	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q331	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q332	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q332a	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q333	Fitzmyer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q334	Glessmer	DJD XXI\
4Q337	Talmon, Ben-Dov	DJD XXI\
4Q338	Tov	DJD XXXVI\
4Q339	Broshi, Yardeni	DJD XIX\
4Q340	Broshi, Yardeni	DJD XIX\
4Q341	Naveh	DJD XXXVI\
4Q342	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q343	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q344	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q345	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q346	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q346a	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q347	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q348	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q351	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q352	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q352a	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q353	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q354	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q356	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q357	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q358	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q359	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q360	Yardeni	DJD XXXVI\
4Q360a	Yardeni	DJD XXVII\
4Q364	Tov, White	DJD XIII\
4Q365	Tov, White	DJD XIII\
4Q365a	Tov, White	DJD XIII\
4Q366	Tov, White	DJD XIII\
4Q367	Tov, White	DJD XIII\
4Q368	Vanderkam, Brady	DJD XXVIII\
4Q369	Attridge, Strugnell	DJD XIII\
4Q370	Newsom	DJD XIX\
4Q371	Schuller, Bernstein	DJD XXVIII\
4Q372	Schuller, Bernstein	DJD XXVIII\
4Q373	Schuller, Bernstein	DJD XXVIII\
4Q373a	Tigchelaar	RQ 21, 477-85\
4Q374	Newsom	DJD XIX\
4Q375	Strugnell	DJD XIX\
4Q376	Strugnell	DJD XIX\
4Q377	Vanderkam, Brady	DJD XXVIII\
4Q378	Newsom	DJD XXII\
4Q379	Newsom	DJD XXII\
4Q380	Schuller	DJD XI\
4Q381	Schuller	DJD XI\
4Q382	Olyan	DJD XIII\
4Q383	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q384	Smith	DJD XIX\
4Q385	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q385a	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q385b	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q385c	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q386	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q387	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q387a	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q388	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q388a	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q389	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q390	Dimant	DJD XXX\
4Q391	Smith	DJD XIX\
4Q392	Falk	DJD XXIX\
4Q393	Falk	DJD XXIX\
4Q394	Qimron, Strugnell, Talmon with Ben-Dov	DJD X, DJD XXI\
4Q395	Qimron, Strugnell	DJD X\
4Q396	Qimron, Strugnell	DJD X\
4Q397	Qimron, Strugnell	DJD X\
4Q398	Qimron, Strugnell	DJD X\
4Q399	Qimron, Strugnell	DJD X\
4Q400	Newsom	DJD XI\
4Q401	Newsom	DJD XI\
4Q402	Newsom	DJD XI\
4Q403	Newsom	DJD XI\
4Q404	Newsom	DJD XI\
4Q405	Newsom	DJD XI\
4Q406	Newsom	DJD XI\
4Q407	Newsom	DJD XI\
4Q408	Steudel	DJD XXXVI\
4Q409	Qimron	DJD XXIX\
4Q410	Steudel	DJD XXXVI\
4Q411	Steudel	DJD XXXVI\
4Q412	Steudel	DJD XXXVI\
4Q413	Qimron	DJD XX\
4Q414	Eshel	DJD XXXV\
4Q415	Strugnell, Harrington	DJD XXXIV\
4Q416	Strugnell, Harrington	DJD XXXIV\
4Q417	Strugnell, Harrington	DJD XXXIV\
4Q418	Strugnell, Harrington	DJD XXXIV\
4Q418a	Strugnell, Harrington	DJD XXXIV\
4Q418b	Strugnell, Harrington	DJD XXXIV\
4Q418c	Strugnell, Harrington	DJD XXXIV\
4Q419	Tanzer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q420	Elgvin	DJD XX\
4Q421	Elgvin	DJD XX\
4Q422	Elgvin, Tov	DJD XIII\
4Q423	Elgvin	DJD XXXIV\
4Q424	Tanzer	DJD XXXVI\
4Q425	Steudel	DJD XX\
4Q426	Steudel	DJD XX\
4Q427	Schuller	DJD XXIX\
4Q428	Schuller	DJD XXIX\
4Q429	Schuller	DJD XXIX\
4Q430	Schuller	DJD XXIX\
4Q431	Schuller	DJD XXIX\
4Q432	Schuller	DJD XXIX\
4Q433	Schuller	DJD XXIX\
4Q433a	Schuller	DJD XXIX\
4Q434	Schuller	DJD XXIX\
4Q435	Weinfeld, Seely	DJD XXIX\
4Q436	Weinfeld, Seely	DJD XXIX\
4Q437	Weinfeld, Seely	DJD XXIX\
4Q438	Weinfeld, Seely	DJD XXIX\
4Q439	Weinfeld, Seely	DJD XXIX\
4Q440	Schuller	DJD XXIX\
4Q440a	Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q440b	Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q441	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q442	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q443	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q444	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q445	Tigchelaar	DJD XXIX\
4Q446	Tigchelaar	DJD XXIX\
4Q447	Tigchelaar	DJD XXIX\
4Q448	E. Eshel et al.	DJD XI\
4Q449	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q450	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q451	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q452	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q453	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q454	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q455	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q456	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q457a	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q457b	Chazon	DJD XXIX\
4Q458	Larson	DJD XXXVI\
4Q459	Larson	DJD XXXVI\
4Q460	Larson	DJD XXXVI\
4Q461	Larson	DJD XXXVI\
4Q462	Smith	DJD XIX\
4Q463	Smith	DJD XIX\
4Q464	Stone, Eshel	DJD XIX\
4Q464a	Stone, Eshel	DJD XIX\
4Q464b	Stone, Eshel	DJD XIX\
4Q465	Larson	DJD XXXVI\
4Q466	Pike	DJD XXXVI\
4Q467	Pike	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468a	Broshi	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468b	Broshi	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468c	Broshi	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468e	Broshi	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468f	Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468g	Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468i	Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468j	Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468k	Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468l	Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468m	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468n	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468o	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468p	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468q	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468r	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468s	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468t	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468u	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468v	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468w	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468x	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468y	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468z	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468aa	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468bb	Ernst, Lange	DJD XXXVI\
4Q468cc	Tigchelaar	DJD XXVIII\
4Q468dd	Tigchelaar	DJD XXVIII\
4Q469	Larson	DJD XXXVI\
4Q470	Larson, Schiffman, Strugnell	DJD XIX\
4Q471	E. and H. Eshel	DJD XXXVI\
4Q471a	Eshel, Kister	DJD XXXVI\
4Q471b	Eshel	DJD XXIX\
4Q471c	Eshel	DJD XXIX\
4Q472	Elgvin	DJD XXXVI\
4Q472a	Elgvin	DJD XXXV\
4Q473	Elgvin	DJD XXII\
4Q474	Elgvin	DJD XXXVI\
4Q475	Elgvin	DJD XXXVI\
4Q476	Elgvin	DJD XXIX\
4Q476a	Elgvin	DJD XXIX\
4Q477	Elgvin	DJD XXXVI\
4Q478	Larson, Schiffman	DJD XXII\
4Q479	Larson, Schiffman	DJD XXII\
4Q480	Larson, Schiffman	DJD XXII\
4Q481	Larson, Schiffman	DJD XXII\
4Q481a	Trebolle	DJD XXII\
4Q481b	Larson, Schiffman	DJD XXII\
4Q481c	Larson, Schiffman	DJD XXII\
4Q481d	Larson, Schiffman	DJD XXII\
4Q481e	Larson, Schiffman	DJD XXII\
4Q482	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q483	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q484	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q485	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q486	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q487	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q488	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q489	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q490	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q491	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q492	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q493	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q494	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q495	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q496	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q497	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q498	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q499	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q500	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q501	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q502	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q503	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q504	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q505	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q506	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q507	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q508	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q509	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q510	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q511	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q512	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q513	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q514	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q515	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q516	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q517	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q518	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q519	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q520	Baillet	DJD VII\
4Q521	Puech	DJD XXV\
4Q522	Puech	DJD XXV\
4Q523	Puech	DJD XXV\
4Q524	Puech	DJD XXV\
4Q525	Puech	DJD XXV\
4Q526	Puech	DJD XXV\
4Q527	Puech	DJD XXV\
4Q528	Puech	DJD XXV\
4Q529	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q530	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q531	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q532	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q533	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q534	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q535	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q536	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q537	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q538	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q539	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q540	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q541	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q542	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q543	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q544	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q545	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q546	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q547	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q548	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q549	Puech	DJD XXXI\
4Q550	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q551	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q552	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q553	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q553a	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q554	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q554a	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q555	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q556	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q556a	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q557	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q558	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q558a	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q559	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q560	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q561	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q562	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q563	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q564	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q565	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q566	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q567	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q568	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q569	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q570	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q571	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q572	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q573	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q574	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q575	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q575a	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q577	Puech	DJD XXV\
4Q578	Puech	DJD XXV\
4Q579	Puech	DJD XXV\
4Q580	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q581	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q582	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q583	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q584	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q585	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q586	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
4Q587	Puech	DJD XXXVII\
5Q9	Milik	DJD III\
5Q10	Milik	DJD III\
5Q11	Milik	DJD III\
5Q12	Milik	DJD III\
5Q13	Milik	DJD III\
5Q14	Milik	DJD III\
5Q15	Milik	DJD III\
5Q16	Milik	DJD III\
5Q17	Milik	DJD III\
5Q18	Milik	DJD III\
5Q19	Milik	DJD III\
5Q20	Milik	DJD III\
5Q22	Milik	DJD III\
5Q23	Milik	DJD III\
5Q24	Milik	DJD III\
5Q25	Milik	DJD III\
6Q8	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q9	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q10	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q11	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q12	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q13	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q14	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q15	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q16	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q17	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q18	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q19	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q20	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q21	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q22	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q23	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q24	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q26	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q27	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q28	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q29	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q30	Baillet	DJD III\
6Q31	Baillet	DJD III\
8Q5	Baillet	DJD III\
9Q	Baillet	DJD III\
10Q	Baillet	DJD III\
11Q5	Sanders	DJD IV\
11Q6	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q10	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q11	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q12	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez et al., Talmon	DJD XXIII, DJD XXXVI\
11Q13	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q14	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q15	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q16	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez et al., Talmon	DJD XXIII, DJD XXXVI\
11Q17	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q18	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q19	Yadin	Temple Scroll\
11Q20	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q21	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q22	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q23	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q25	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q26	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q27	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q29	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
11Q30	Garc\'eda Mart\'ednez, Tigchelaar, van der Woude	DJD XXIII\
PAM plates	Pike, Skinner	DJD XXXIII\
KhQ1	Cross, Eshel	DJD XXXVI\
KhQ2	Cross, Eshel	DJD XXXVI\
KhQ3	E. Eshel	DJD XXXVI\
XQ6	Lemaire	DJD XXXVI\
XQ7	Lange	DJD XXXVI\
XQ8	E. Eshel and H. Eshel	DSD 12, 134-57}